================================== Project Meta Data ===================================

Project: 	COEN 313 Digital Design Project - Occupancy Tracker
Contributor: 	Mohammad Masoud Sharafat Mohammad.
Student ID: 	40209284.
Performed on: 	Scientific Linux, version used in Concordia Computer Labs.
Software used: 	Modelsim, and Vivado 2018.2.
Target board: 	Xilinx A7 FPGA development board
		xc7a100tcsg324-1

================================== Folder Description ==================================

File: Project313-40209284-MohammadSharafat.pdf

	This is the main report explaining the whole system.

File: project.vhd

	project.vhd is the main VHDL code for the system, it is the
hardware level description of the system.

File: project_tb.vhd

	This is the VHDL test bench associated with project.vhd

File: projectfull.pdf

	This is a simulation output ranging the full 9000 ns output 
of the simulation, where the max "111111" capacity capability 
of the system is tested. It was generated in modelsim.

File: projectupto2000ns.pdf

	This is a simulation output ranging 2000 ns, it tests the basic
functionality of the system. It was generated in modelsim.

File: implementedschematic.pdf

	This is the pdf output of the implemented schematic generated by Vivado

File: RTLElaboratedDesign.pdf

	This is the pdf output of the RTL elaborated design generated by Vivado

File: Implementation_Logs.txt

	This is the implementation logs generated by Vivado

File: Synthesys_Logs.txt

	This is the synthesis logs generated by Vivado

File: Expectation-of-originality-40209284.pdf

	This is the expectation of originality form done by Mohammad Masoud Sharafat
Mohammad, with the student ID 40209284. It covers both the report and software.

========================================================================================



